[Music]
We came here looking for lost worlds. We
found one. You've taken me to places
I've never
seen. Show me the animals in my
dreams. More people have been into space
and visited this this insanely magical
place.
The idea of doing something where
nobody's ever set foot before. The
fragile earth.
This precious life. And he can cover
this distance in a matter of seconds.
These are literally the last two
northern white runners in existence. You
searched for the truth, shown me the
light, and held my hand through the
night.
Amazing.
You've shown me the colors of the
rainbow, the wonder of the
seas, and gone to the ends of the earth
for me. I don't think there's anywhere
else on earth where you feel quite so
small. So I can run with the pack.
Welcome back everyone. The timid and
small to the very biggest of them all.
We face danger together. Without
volcanoes, there wouldn't be life. We
looked into the abyss. It's been
isolated for so long. I followed in your
footsteps through all of this.
The tigers are going to absolutely love
it. I've seen you fly.
You're one of the closest
you thing that sets us apart is our
desire to
explore. This place is what adventures
are made of.
[Music]
And we've been true to nature through it
all.